Updated Documentation to be more explizit about authorizationContext … (#594)
eclipse/ditto: documentation/src/main/resources/pages/ditto/connectivity-manage-connections.md

POST /devops/piggyback/connectivity
```

## Authorization

> When creating new connections , an `authorizationContext` is needed which gives the _authorization subjects_ (think of authorized users) under which permissions the operations that are accepted via this connection are executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating new connections, an `authorizationContext` is needed providing the _authorization subjects_ (e.g. IDs of authorized users) to use in order to determine the permissions for when the connection executes commands (e.g. modifying a Thing).
```

> If you want to use a user for the basic auth (from the [HTTP API](connectivity-protocol-bindings-http.html)) use the prefic `nginxg:`, e.g. `nginx:my-basic-auth-user`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use a user for the basic auth (from the [HTTP API](connectivity-protocol-bindings-http.html)) use the prefix `nginx:`, e.g. `nginx:ditto`.
```
